Create Dockerfile and update tracker API (#531)
optakt/flow-dps: cmd/rosetta-dispatcher-server/README.md

# Rosetta Dispatcher Server

## Description

> The Rosetta Dispatcher Server is a simple proxy/dispatcher which forwards the HTTP request
> to appropriate spork based on block height in a  provided spork list
> 
> Current implementation of Rosetta API require block height (called Index in Rosetta nomenclature) to be provided
> and this allows proxy to simply check height boundaries. If this changes, as Rosetta API permits using only block hash
> a new implementation of routing mechanism should be created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rosetta Dispatcher Server is a proxy/dispatcher which forwards HTTP requests to the appropriate spork based on the specified block heights within a provided spork list.

The current implementation of the Rosetta API requires block height (called _Index_ in the Rosetta nomenclature) to be provided and this allows proxy to simply check height boundaries.
If the implementation changes in the future, to use block hashes instead of block heights, a new implementation of the routing mechanism should be created.
```

See the [markdown guidelines for Optakt repositories](https://optakt.github.io/code/markdown/)
